All of us went to the Dasara Fair.
My name is Ramu. One day, we went to a Dasara fair
It was the Annual Haircut Day for Sringeri Srinivas.
Sringeri Srinivas left home as usual to go to the local barber.
Papa bought Chintu fancy glasses. Mother bought me a bright blue cap. The baby got sugar candy.
But the barber said, "Today, I have no time to cut such long hair!"
On the way home, a very strong wind came. It blew my cap away.
Words that rhyme
Meals of the day
Feeling sad, Sringeri Srinivas went back home to ask his wife for help.
My cap got stuck on a branch of the old Pipal tree.
But his wife said, "Today, I have no time to cut such long hair!"
I cried a lot. And I did not eat my dinner.
Later that night, the moon came up. It looked at my cap on the old Pipal tree.
Feeling a little angry, Sringeri Srinivas went to his friend, the tailor.
It tried on my cap. The moon smiled happily. I smiled too.
But the tailor said, "Today, I have no time to cut such long hair!"
Now a little worried, Sringeri Srinivas went to one more friend, the carpenter.
After school the next day, my mother gave me a shiny new red cap."The moon sent it," she said.
That night, both the moon and I wore our caps and smiled. We were happy.
But the carpenter said, "Today, I have no time to cut such long hair!"
Poor Sringeri Srinivas. It seemed no one would cut his hair on this Annual Haircut Day.
Do you think the sun needs a hat?.
In tears, he walked off by himself past the village forest.
He sat near a cave and cried loudly.
"The day is nearly over. How can I keep my promise to cut my hair? Oh God, help me!"
The tiger sleeping peacefully inside the cave was very disturbed by all the noise.
He came out, roaring, waving his giant paws at Sringeri Srinivas.
Poor Sringeri Srinivas was so scared, so scared, so scared that ...
... all the hair fell off his head!
Sringeri Srinivas ran all the way back to the village. The tiger went back to sleep.
Now, Sringeri Srinivas will not need a haircut for a very long time.
Barber has Scissors to Cut hair.
Find the Barber.
Carpenter has a hammer and nail.
Find the Carpenter.
Match the tools to the people.
Carpenter uses this to cut wood.
Take me home. Take each person to their home.
The tailor is surrounded by clothers to stitch.

now sringeri srinivas will not need a haircut for a very long time
sridevi srinivasan all the way back to the village the tiger going back to sleep
udbhava said today i have no time to cut such long hair babar babar is cutting hairs barber uses razor and scissors to cut hair laser razor is used to cut hair
the tiger sleeping peacefully inside the cave full sreen disturber all the nodes
to sringeri srinivasa so scared so scared so scared
grz work to buy and sell spice the village forest
first sringeri srinivas it seems no one will cut hair on this annual haircut day
how can i keep my promise to cut my god help me
find the barber barber has scissors to cut hair
find the carpenter carpenter has a hammer and nail
take me home take each person to the home
match the tools to the people